chore(decrypt): specify behavior on decrypt with encryption context (#261)
awslabs/aws-encryption-sdk-specification: client-apis/decrypt.md

### Encryption Context

The [encryption context](../framework/structures.md#encryption-context) that is used as

> additional authenticated data during the decryption of the input [encrypted message](#encrypted-message) and
> the [encryption context for authentication only](../client-apis/encrypt.md#encryption-context-not-stored-in-the-message) if available.

Reviewer: It's all used as AAD during the decryption, so just appending an "and ..." here doesn't make sense.
```suggestion
additional authenticated data during the decryption of the input [encrypted message](#encrypted-message).
Specifically, the union of the encryption context serialized into the message header and
the encryption context for authentication only, if available.
```

Reviewer: Sprinkle a MUST in there as well, so it is easier to duvet.

The [encryption context](../framework/structures.md#encryption-context) that is used as
additional authenticated data during the decryption of the input [encrypted message](#encrypted-message).
Specifically, it MUST be the union of the encryption context serialized into the message header and

> the encryption context for authentication only, if available.

Reviewer: `encryption context for authentication only` Can we point to the definition of this somewhere?
